Update Adding-New-Metronic-Theme-Angular.md (#212)
aspnetzero/documents: docs/en/Adding-New-Metronic-Theme-Angular.md

  </div>
  ```

> * If your theme use dynamic bundles. Open `bundle.js` add your bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your theme uses dynamic bundles, open the `bundle.js` and add your bundles.
```

>   _AspNet Zero has custom css file for datepicker ([bs-datepicker.css](https://github.com/aspnetzero/aspnet-zero-core/blob/dev/angular/src/assets/ngx-bootstrap/bs-datepicker.css)). If the default design is not compatible with your theme, you can change that css file._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _ASP.NET Zero has custom CSS file for datepicker in Angular version ([bs-datepicker.css](https://github.com/aspnetzero/aspnet-zero-core/blob/dev/angular/src/assets/ngx-bootstrap/bs-datepicker.css)). If the default design is not compatible with your theme, you can change the related CSS file._
```
